### Task
Markdown file 1: Create a markdown file about what problems `ERC777` and ERC1363 solve. Why was ERC1363 introduced, and what issues are there with `ERC777`?

### What are `ERC777` and `ERC1363` 
Both `ERC777` and `ERC1363` token standards solve the problem of broadcasting sending/receiving token events. When a user wants a third-party contract (DeX, for instance) to exchange tokens, the standard flow looks like this:
- The user allows DeX contract to manage a limited amount of tokens
- The user calls a function of DeX contract, and it then pulls the approved amount from the token. Thus, it changes users' balance.
This flow requires two steps, which increases transaction costs.

The idea of  `ERC777` and `ERC1363` token standards is to add functionality for the third parties to subscribe to event receiveTokens/sendToknes. Thus, the user can send one transaction that transfers tokens to a third-party contract, and that contract can react via callback and do some additional code. Or one can reject spam tokens or reject sending tokens to itself. `ERC777` does it using the registry mechanism of `ERC1820`. You can think about it as storage that stores address and their interface. `ERC1363` doesn't rely on the registry and calls another contract directly by adopting its address to the `IERC1363Receiver` interface. Also, `ERC777` has a mechanism of operators - the ability to allow some address to manage all your tokens.

### Issues
The problem with `ERC777` and `ERC1363` tokens is a reentrancy attack when a hacker can make a call back to the token and thus make a cyclic calling of a function between contracts before it reaches some line that actually changes state and stops the cycle.